feat(linter): implement noUnassignedVariables rule (#6219)
biomejs/biome: .changeset/silent-buckets-stop.md

---
"@biomejs/biome": minor
---

> Added new rule `noUnassignedVariables`, which disallow let or var variables that are read but never assigned.

Reviewer: Please make a link of the rule name.

```suggestion
Added new rule [`noUnassignedVariables`](https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/no-unassigned-variables/), which disallows `let` or `var` variables that are read but never assigned.
```

Also add a few examples of valid and invalid code, please.
